[Docs] Update pass 2 - Input, Profiles, screenshot/diagram updates (#5000)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Input/Gestures.md

  - [`cumulativeDelta`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/XR.WSA.Input.ManipulationUpdatedEventArgs-cumulativeDelta.html) of a manipulation event
  - [`normalizedOffset`](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/XR.WSA.Input.NavigationUpdatedEventArgs-normalizedOffset.html) of a navigation event
- `Quaternion` - 3D rotation gesture. Available to custom input sources but not currently produced by any of the existing ones.
- `MixedRealityPose` - Combined 3D position/rotation gesture. Available to custom input sources but not currently produced by any of the existing ones.

## Example Scene

> The **HandInteractionGestureEventsExample** scene in `MixedRealityToolkit.Examples\Demos\HandTracking\Scenes` shows how to use the pointer Result to spawn an object at the hit location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [**HandInteractionGestureEventsExample** scene](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/blob/mrtk_development/Assets/MixedRealityToolkit.Examples/Demos/HandTracking/Scenes/HandInteractionGestureEventsExample.unity) shows how to use the pointer Result to spawn an object at the hit location.
```
